
- Added two console commands:
  - `rer_start_encounter(optional creature: CreatureType)` to start a default encounter around you. The creature type is a number depending on the creature, you can know more [here](https://github.com/Aelto/W3_RandomEncounters_Tweaks/blob/master/src/enums.ws#L20)
  - `rer_start_hunt(optional creature: CreatureType)` to start a monster hunt around you.

- Added the concept of external factors for monsters spawns. Some monster cannot spawn in certain biomes and prefer some other biomes. Spiders for example cannot be found near water but when in a forest you're more likely to meet them.

- Added a slider to change how much the external factors affect the spawning chances. Its default value is 2, which means the spawn chances are multiplied by 2. If you set it to 1 nothing will change from external factors. The slider can go up to 10.

- Removed the distinction between large and small creatures. All creatures are considered the same. The option "Large creature ratio" has been removed from the mod-menu. And the previously large creatures now simply use the spawn chances you set in the mod menu.

- Updated the default settings for the creatures spawn ratios. Mainly to compensate the removal of the "Large monster ratio". If you're using the previous default values i recommend to click again on the button.

- Added a mod menu to toggle which creature can or cannot spawn in cities.

- Removed the toggle for City spawns. Use the new menu for this.

- WildHunt encounters appear through portals and no longer attack eachother.

- Updated the creatures tracks depending on their type (Specter, Human, Necrophages...)

- Improved city detection to prevent unwanted city spawns. It now uses guards to detect if Geralt is in a safe zone.

- Added a new encounter type to the two previous ones (Hunt and default): Monster contract. Helpless peasants will ask for Geralt's help to clear areas from monsters.

- Added a toggle to enable monster trophies.

- Added custom trophies to almost all encounters, even small ones. These trophies can be sold to merchants in exchange of lorens. These are custom trophies and do not give any stats, and are only meant to be sold.